Accessible name updates (#42691)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/guides/overflow/carousels/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> We also set a {{cssxref("cursor")}} value of `pointer` on the scroll buttons to make it more obvious that they can be interacted with (an improvement for both general [UX](/en-US/docs/Glossary/UX) and [cognitive accessibility](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Guides/Cognitive_accessibility)), unsetting it when the scroll buttons are `:disabled`.

Next, an appropriate icon is set on the left and right scroll buttons via the `content` property, which is also what causes the scroll buttons to be generated. That icon must also have a corresponding plain text accessible name, so use the alternative feature of the `content` property (with the caveat that [this may still be insufficient to satisfy WCAG](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/content#accessibility)):

```css live-sample___first-example live-sample___first-example-step2
ul::scroll-button(left) {
  content: "◄" / "Previous";
}

ul::scroll-button(right) {
  content: "►" / "Next";
}
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The intent is that the scroll buttons are automatically given an appropriate accessible name, so they are announced appropriately by assistive technologies. No browser currently supports that, however. In the future, the above buttons will have an implicit [`role`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles) of `button` and their {{glossary("accessible name", "accessible names")}} will be "scroll left" and "scroll right", respectively. Until then, you must add the alternative text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In supporting browsers, scroll buttons are automatically given an appropriate accessible name, so they are announced appropriately by assistive technologies, and the buttons will have an implicit [`role`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Reference/Roles) of `button`. Providing [alternative text for generated content](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/content#alternative_text_string_counter) ensures the buttons have the {{glossary("accessible name", "accessible names")}} of "scroll left" and "scroll right" in browsers that don't have support for the scroll button accessibility features.
```
to future proof; we avoid including changing browser support statements. 
we also avoid above and below, for internationalization and translation reasons, and because we don't know where the content will otherwise be posted.

Author: Fair point on "above" and "below" and that's my mistake.

The reason I used the phrase "the intent" is because this is, AFAIK, not even a final spec. Your phrasing suggests browsers are the gap, when it's the spec itself.

That said, I am happy to defer. I just have opinions about it.
